Hello everybody and welcome back in this video we're going to execute the one hurting coding part of
this project as well as a feature Skelly empire.
And this is going to bowl a couple of different steps in the way so let's jump into it right now.
So first let's begin with a one hot and cold night to do so.
We like to leverage our pandas function that get dummys what they're going to do is is going to find
all the categorical variable and variables and then the metric and it's going to encode them into their
own dummy variables and it's going to do it all for us very quickly.
So that's where we get if we use them.
So first we run data set and we selected the result open those that get dummys on the dataset.
So we run these this works and if we look at the columns using data columns we'll see the changes applied
to our Does it.
So here in the console we see that all the columns seem pretty straightforward they're the same that
we had initially said for the pay scale columns and the pre-scheduled columns are the biweekly Lebel
the monthly Lebel semimonthly level and the weekly level.
So it is split that column into four different ones.
Now if you remember from the machine learning course or in your experience we need to remove one of
these columns from the data set to avoid a dummy variable type meaning that if we keep all of these
columns here they're going to be now dependent column not linearly independent columns which is what
we want.
So by removing one of them we make them linearly independent again.
So which one are we going to read.
Well this is a choice that you can do.
There's no right answer for this.
I personally going to remove semimonthly just because semimonthly is the weirdness of the pay schedules
so an odds are going to be the less frequent.
So I'm just going to remove that one.
So that's true that we're going to begin with simply just removing that column with data set icles set
that drop.
You guys are probably familiar with this line of dropping columns already because we've done so many
times and we're going to select this column rather quickly from the console and I mean one second and
that's done.
So we're going to drop this column and that's done.
So now there's a couple things to do once we find like the one card encoding.
This was very quickly as you can see the next theme is to get rid of all the columns that are useful
but are not going to be part of the training set.
So removing some extra columns let's call it as it's called D.S. that.
And what are we removing.
Well first we're removing the response bearable and that's going to be make sense in the next line.
The next section sorry where we do the Trenta split and we're rateable we want the response bearable
separate from the trainings.
So we get rid of esign we save it in it's own response variable and we do the same for the user identifier.
So we're going to save the user identify its own variable.
And this is called entry Id just so that you remember.
And finally the data set is going to be have you guys can guess that DRob columns because the name of
these two variables that were removed.
So let's get rid of that one Furr's let's get rid of and 380 as well.
And that should be it.
So we run this one and we run the last two lines and there you go.
Now we have a data set where the independent variables are localize and then we have the response parable
and the user identifier columns taken out.
Now the next part of this is to do that.
Trento split so is bleeding into train and Teske.
OK.
So let's jump into that.
So if you guys remember from last time the train split function is going to return for items the x axis
are the independent variables for the trend to test as well as the dependent variables for that training
to test them.
So these are going to be four variables here that we're getting.
And that is going to be the result of a 20 split function.
But now one thing before we run this line is that we actually have to import that function and that
is from a scale learn that model selection important trying to split.
And here we're going to play a train to split as well to our dataset which is just the x Balios the
response is that y values at test size which of 0.2 we need at 20 percent is going to be the size of
that response variable.
That's what I'd chosen to add random statical zero.
Why.
Because this is how I like.
So let's run these two lines.
And there you go.
We have a train split immediately done.
OK we're just peering through these steps.
We've done the steps a couple times before already.
So there's no need to go too deep into them so let's just speed through them.
The final step in this video that we're going to do is going to be the feature skeleton feature Schelling.
Now again we're going to import a function from a scalar and that's going to be as we learn pre-processing
and scaler.
There you go.
Pre-processing.
And we're going to import standard skill.
Great.
And what do we do with it and descaler well with first graders and their Scheller by calling the class.
So we have our newest and their skills are created.
We're going to actually set up a plan for X. And they go we run these two lines then we're actually
going to fit descaler to the X train set and then we're going to transform the extreme based on that
scale.
So the way we do it is you use the Scheller we use the com transform and we play on the extremes.
Now these two resulting data set is not going to be a Pandurs for them any more.
I mean that it is going to lose the columns names and it's going to lose the indexes.
So we want to convert this to an actual panacea frame too.
So we're going to apply Pandurs that data frame we're going to apply to the result of this and that's
going to be our actual skill set.
Right.
And we're going to call this the extreme two for now in the game.
This is the result of the X-raying been scale great.
So we run this and we're good then we're going to actually do the same thing almost almost exactly to
the test that we create the X test it goes to we actually only transform because we already have it
the Scheller and we do it on testing Exham.
So we scale the test as well.
Now what is next to do is to copy the columns in the indexes to this extra in an extra two datasets
because those have been lost if you can remember.
So we do extreme to make sure this is an underscore instead and the columns which is actually into that
columns.
Great.
And they're going to be the original extra columns that Ballis.
OK.
And they should be they should work to copy the original columns to the extreme.
Now we do the exact same thing with access by copy and pasting and just plain and on the X test.
Good.
The next step is in Access.
So again in a similar manner we do extra into that index.
Great.
And we're going to set it to extreme and one the original one that indicates that balas great and we're
going to copy this for the next test as well.
So this is going to be the values the index values from Access and this is going to be the next test.
Excellent.
So now are extreme and everything has been scaled properly and the indexes in the columns have been
recover.
So the only thing left to do is to actually set the extreme to these new extreme too.
So this is just making sure that we keep the name of the extreme consistent in the future lines.
So we just set it to this all right here and let's run it one in two.
And there you go.
Feature Skillern is completely done.
And now in the next video we can start doing the model building process.
This is the process that all these guys have been waiting for from the second the first we started but
we've been slowly building our way to it.
We've gone through a Barry in-depth analysis on all the data fields that we have all the columns the
correlations that things that don't make sense or that make sense.
And we have cleaned up the data getting ready for modeling and that's it.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.